mkdocs monorepo build (#22)
workfloworchestrator/workfloworchestrator.github.io: README.md

The webpage is built using mkdocs

### Developing
You need uv to run this, take a look at [this](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) to install it. Once you have it , to edit do the following :

```bash
uv run mkdocs serve
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This Mkdocs setup implements multirepo, and expectes other repositories to be present. The expected repos are listed in the mkdocs.yml config file. Comment out these parts if you dont need them. Otherwise you can clone everything you need with: ``` grep INCLUDED_REPO mkdocs.yml | awk '{print "git clone "$3}' | sh ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This Mkdocs setup implements multirepo, and expects other repositories to be present. The expected repos are listed in the mkdocs.yml config file. Comment out these parts if you dont need them. Otherwise you can clone everything you need with: ``` grep INCLUDED_REPO mkdocs.yml | awk '{print "git clone "$3}' | sh ```
```

```bash

> mkdocs gh-deploy --config-file mkdocs.yml --remote-branch master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uv run mkdocs gh-deploy --config-file mkdocs.yml
```
